[flutter_local_notifications] Add support for `providesAppNotificationSettings` (#2558)
MaikuB/flutter_local_notifications: flutter_local_notifications/README.md

* [Android] Ability to check if notifications are enabled
* [iOS (all supported versions) & macOS 10.14+] Request notification permissions and customise the permissions being requested around displaying notifications
* [iOS 10 or newer and macOS 10.14 or newer] Display notifications with attachments

> * [iOS 12.0+ and macOS 10.14+] Support for custom notification settings UI via "Configure Notifications in {App}" button in notification context menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [iOS 12.0+ and macOS 10.14+] Support for custom notification settings UI via "Configure Notifications in <application name>" button in notification context menu
```
